PAIN CELLS Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for clearing any pain cells from my being According to my preferences, Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, In all dimensions in infinite time, With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. Thank you, it is done. "7 energize code 999
EMOTIONAL PAIN in CELLS AURA pat lives: Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for clearing any pain from my being According physic, mental emotioneel spiritueel in this life or in other lives for nu continue and permanent to my preferences, Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, In all dimensions in infinite time, With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. Thank you, it is done.energize code 999
GEOPATHIC STRESS Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for removing all non beneficial energies and geopathic stress from my property, According to my preferences, Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, In all dimensions in infinite time, With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. Thank you, it is done. "8 energize code 999
GARDEN Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for the removal of the ....... from my garden, that it go where the Source appoints, and experience no harm, According to my preferences, Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, In all dimensions in infinite time, With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. Thank you, it is done.2 energize code 999
TIME-LOOPS Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for clearing any time-loops from my being. According to my preferences, Indefinitely ascending on a beneficial,  positive, heathy, tolerance, neutral, or silent vibration, In all dimensions in infinite time,  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. Thank you, it is done. 5 energize code 999
HEALTH_ Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for an abundant health, including specific knowledge, detox, energy and information for optimal rejuvenation  and healing in a way that causes divine conditions to work for my benefit, _  According to my preferences_ Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done. "3 energize code 999
PERSECUTION LICHT WORKERS _Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for removing all persecution energy and experiences in my lifestream, and for rendering me invisible to non-light enforcement authorities, _  According to my preferences,_  Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, _  In a way that protects those supporting the Source’s solution, _  Legions of Christ assisting, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done."8 energize code 999
LITTERING_ Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for removing the littering in my neighborhood, and replacing this occurrence with honor for my house, _  According to my preferences, _  Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done. "8 energize code 999
USE RADIONICS_ Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for knowing how to use the Radionics Analyzer in the best, most efficient and most effective way, and for being able to clearly see and understand what is happening, Closing So that’s my current version of how I use radionics devices.  According to my preferences,_  Indefinitely ascending on a beneficial,  positive, heathy, tolerance, neutral, or silent vibration, In all dimensions in infinite time, With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. Thank you, it is done. "9	 energize code 999	
DISCARNATES _ Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for clearing any DISCARNATION from my being _ According to my preferences, _  Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done. "6 energize code 999
JOB _ Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for an abundant work, including specific knowledge on optimal opportunities to grow, and in a way that causes job conditions to work for my benefit, _  According to my preferences, _  Indefinitely ascending on a positive, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done. "9 energize code 999
ENDOCRINE AND IMMUNE SYSTEM Divine Self activate my Divine Spark (just by thinking it), I and balance my endocrine system and vitalize my immune system and rejuvenate all my cells to the age of 18._  Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for balancing my endocrine system, _  According to my preferences, _  Indefinitely ascending on a beneficial,  positive, heathy, tolerance, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done. "4 energize code 999
IMMUNE SYSTEM_  Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for vitalizing and energizing my immune system,  and my total rejuvenation, According to my preferences, _  Indefinitely ascending on a beneficial,  positive, heathy, tolerance, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done. "	1 energize code 999
OVERWEIGHT_ Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source for removing the source of overweight of (name) and all non beneficial fat, _  According to my preferences, _  Indefinitely ascending on a healthy, beneficial and tolerant to me and positive, neutral, or silent vibration, _  In all dimensions in infinite time, _  With Divine Protection, default removal fully encapsulated, all as appointed by the Source. _  Thank you, it is done. "4 energize code 999	
CLEAR PROPERTY	Universal Source, show me the Source-created solution in direct connection with the Universal Source, with six qualifiers as noted below, for: _ Clearing the house, _  Resetting the earth matrix, _  Rendering it safe and unharmed. Thank you, it is done. "4
Six Qualifiers: In indefinite ascension On a positive, neutral, or silent vibration In all dimensions In infinite time According to my preferences With Divine Protection, in a way that protects those supporting the Source’s solution, default removal fully encapsulated, with Legions of Christ assisting, all as appointed by the Source. "2	 energize code 999	